Q:1: What is Emmet?
ans:  Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then 
expanded into full pieces of code.
  Emmet uses different abbreviations and short expressions depending on what's passed, and then 
  dynamically coverts the abbreviations into the full code. Emmet is mostly used for HTML, XML,CSS but 
  it can also be used with programming languages.
  Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for high-speed coding and editing HTML,XML,XSLT
  and other structed code.
  
  Q:2: Difference between library and framework?
  ans:  Library targets the specific functionality while framework tries to provide everthing required to develop a 
  complete application
  
  Q:3: What is CDN ?Why do we use it?
  ans:  A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for
  data-heavy applications. CDN can stand for content delivery network or content distribution network.
        The mission of a CDN is to reduce latency. Latency is that annoying delay you experience when trying to access
  a web page or video stream before it fully loads on your device
  
  Q:4: Why react known as react?
  ans:  React is called React because it is a library that reacts to changes in the data and renders the user interface accordingly.
  The name "React" comes from the concept of reactive programming, which is a programming paradigm that emphasizes the declarative description of
  the behavior of a system in response to changes in its inputs.
  
  
  Q:5: What is crossorigin in script tag?
  ans:  The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain. Basically, 
  it is used to handle the CORS request. It is used to handle the CORS request that checks whether it is safe to allow for sharing the resources 
  from other domains. The resources may include Audio, Video, Images, Link or external script that specifies whether to support a cross-origin request or not.
      CORS: It stands for cross-origin resource sharing. It is a mechanism by which one webpage requests to another domain for fetching out the resource 
      like audio, video, script, etc. from the third party server without leaking their credentials information. 
      anonymous: It has a default value. It defines a CORS request which will be sent without passing the credential information.
      use-credentials: A cross-origin request will be sent with credentials, cookies, and certificate
      
      
  Q:6:what is difference between react and reactdom?
   ans: React is holds core features of React. So, if we want work in React it is mandatory to inject react into our code.
      Where as ReactDOM is responsible for DOM manipulations.
      
      
  Q:7: what is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via cdn?
  ans:   The developmet versions are only meant for development, and are not suitable for production. 
        production version are minified and optimized production versions of React.
        
        
   Q:8: what are async and defer?
    ans:   HTML parsing goes on and scripts are fetched asynchronously(parallelly) and once the scripts are available, 
    the scripts are executed. After that only HTML parsing continues.
      HTMl parsing goes on and scripts are fetched in parallel and only executed once the HTMl parsing is completed.

      Async attribute does not guarantee the order of execution of scripts but defer does.
      


